DOCSP-20860 rs scala updates (#9)
mongodb/docs-java-other: README.md

## Build Instructions

> :warning: **When building docs for a new version, make sure to update the following:**

Reviewer: Issue: Introduce list with [complete sentence](https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/style/lists/#introductory-text)

```suggestion
:warning: **When building docs for a new version, make sure to update the following files and values:**
```

- `<this repo>/reference/config.toml` to point to the new base version
- `<this repo>/landing/data/releases.toml` to link to the docs for the new version

> - any redirects such as the [Java sync docs redirect](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-java-other/pull/3/files#diff-0f1a8692163867f83ff7451f3018bae71d3d16dbee396abf03263784e5dda940)

Reviewer: Issue: I think the first element of the list item should be [capitalized](https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/style/lists/#list-items)

```suggestion
- Any redirects such as the [Java sync docs redirect](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-java-other/pull/3/files#diff-0f1a8692163867f83ff7451f3018bae71d3d16dbee396abf03263784e5dda940)
```

After making required changes, submit a pull request. Once your PR is approved and merged, run the `publish-docs` script with the version:

```sh
./publish-docs <version>
```

This will initiate a submodule (if necessary) that tracks the *gh-pages* branch
of the [mongo-java-driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-java-driver). It then
builds the documents in a new directory in the submodule that corresponds to the
new version name.

## Building API Documentation

For major and minor releases, it is required to build the api docs. This
can be done by navigating to your `mongo-java-driver` repo (*Note: NOT the submodule in this repo*) and executing the appropriate `gradlew` command

> after checking out the correct tag. Make sure you installed the Java version specified in the `:bson:compileJava` task on your machine.

Reviewer: Issue: [Machine](https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#term-machine) should only be used to refer to a virtual machine

```suggestion
after checking out the correct tag. Make sure you installed the Java version specified in the `:bson:compileJava` task on your computer.
```

> after checking out the correct tag. Make sure you installed the Java version specified in the `:bson:compileJava` task on your machine.

Reviewer: Comment: I think past tense can be removed here

```suggestion
after checking out the correct tag. Ensure your computer has the Java version specified in the `:bson:compileJava` task.
```
